# Makeathon 2023 
## Our idea aims to provide a seamless, secure, fast, and reliable user experience for online transactions and other authentication processes. We are committed to ensuring the security and privacy of our users' personal information. We will implement robust security measures to protect users'  data and ensure that it is not misused or accessed by unauthorised individuals. Facial recognition is a big leap in the field of data security, but it has some drawbacks. Our project aims at resolving those issues and exponentially increasing the security of transactions. 
## We implemented the two layers of authorization using facial and voice recognition using Machine Learning. The models will be trained to store the facial as well as vocal features of the user and data will be stored in the form of a blockchain network, that is, a decentralised ledger. The various nodes will store parts of image and voice, and when needed, these will be assembled and matched against the input given by the user. On getting a match of more than 95%, the transaction will be approved. Otherwise it will be aborted. Our final result is a successful transaction which is completely secure. This facilitates secure, hassle-free transactions so that everyone can use technologies without any fear of external attacks on the data. 
## Currently, we developed the idea for securing transactions. But this idea has applications in various fields. It can be used for online money transfers. In addition, it can be used in communication systems when confidential and sensitive information is sent to and from a place. Facial recognition can also be used in transportation to improve security and streamline the boarding process. It can also be used for home security purposes wherein the owner can add an additional layer of security to his/her house by putting facial biometrics along with the traditional locks. 
## The idea is quite innovative and we plan to build on it after the campaign is over. We will be creating a fully-functioning website for online transactions. The website will have an attractive and user friendly UI in addition to the cutting-edge technology facilitating a secure and confidential transaction process. 

